Readme.md, before:


# foreach

  iterate over key value pairs (array or object). async or sync implementations

## Getting Started

_With component_  

  $ component install jkroso/foreach

_With npm_  

  $ npm install jkroso/foreach --save

then in your app:

```js
var foreach = require('foreach')
var async = require('foreach/async')
var series = require('foreach/series')
```

## API

- [foreach()](#foreach)
- [async()](#async)
- [series()](#series)

### foreach(object, iterator, context)

  apply iterator to each key value pair in `object`. The value is passed as the first argument and the key as the second. If you pass `context` that will be the value of `this` inside of `iterator`.

```js
foreach({a:1,b:2}, function(v, k){
  // v = 1,2
  // k = a,b
})
foreach([1,2], function(v, k){
  // v = 1,2
  // k = 0,1
})
```

### async()

  Same API as the sync version except it will return a promise object, which will either, resolve when all items have been processed or reject when one rejects. No ordering is guaranteed between items. If `iterator` takes a 3rd argument it is expected to be a callback function.

### series()

  Like forEach but the next item will not be processed until the previous one completes

## Running the tests

```bash
$ npm install
$ make
```
Then open your browser to the `./test` directory.

_Note: these commands don't work on windows._ 

## License 

[MIT](License)

Commit message:

implement promise returning async.js
I exposed it as a seperate file so as to allow people to use it with promise returning functions which happen to take 3 or more arguments

Readme.md, after:


# foreach

  iterate over key value pairs (array or object). async or sync implementations

## Getting Started

_With component_  

  $ component install jkroso/foreach

_With npm_  

  $ npm install jkroso/foreach --save

then in your app:

```js
var foreach = require('foreach')
var async = require('foreach/async')
var series = require('foreach/series')
```

## API

- [foreach()](#foreach)
- [async()](#async)
- [series()](#series)

### foreach(object, iterator, context)

  apply iterator to each key value pair in `object`. The value is passed as the first argument and the key as the second. If you pass `context` that will be the value of `this` inside of `iterator`.

```js
foreach({a:1,b:2}, function(v, k){
  // v = 1,2
  // k = a,b
})
foreach([1,2], function(v, k){
  // v = 1,2
  // k = 0,1
})
```

### async()

  Same API as the sync version except it will return a promise object, which will either, resolve when all items have been processed or reject when one rejects. No ordering is guaranteed between items. If `iterator` takes a 3rd argument it is expected to be a callback function.

```js
async([1,2,3], function(value, i, done){
  setTimeout(done, i)
}).then(function(){
  // runs after all async processes have called `done`
})
```

### series()

  Like `async` but the next item will not be processed until the previous one completes

## Running the tests

```bash
$ npm install
$ make
```
Then open your browser to the `./test` directory.

_Note: these commands don't work on windows._ 

## License 

[MIT](License)
